the BBC London suffered further heavy
bombing raid last night
welcome to the Metro information still
tree
roughly seems to think you're what we
need we're going on we'll need someone
about the floor stop
women's dialogue I thought it was a
secretarial pool whose convict you got
yourself 30 million attend the cinema
every week your film must show your
American systems but this is a war the
husband should be fighting who do you
think knows green credit notice if we
can't pay you as much as a child in a
given character with whom victim
identified Uncle Frank
sixty looks older we all have a part of
man defeating is not this part the
corpse role is dead before the end of
Act three
so that's of humor and then further old
me hello no no okay a lot of men are
scared we won't go back into our boxes
when this is over the works good very
good between us we'll add them weeping
in the aisle
the worst night of bombing yet me I
thought she was under the code he has
conked 50 more
you and me given opportunities only
because young men are gone but the turn
our back on those opportunity will not
be giving death dominion over life
girls like us we burn all those people
who gave them to one mole and now their
grandson to another it's all a bit
doctor even if I were dead I might miss
you have you seen it
powerful I'm also a girl sorry
this is cold up where is she
chart could someone please get me a
Philly it out of Dunkirk
[Music]